So I'm on my device here and since I haven't set up a notification here, a subscription, I'll quickly clear
all the site data here to start fresh,
reload the page one more time,
so I should have an active service worker here,
we can see that it was activated,
you'll see I'm of course fetching all my data here already.
Now I will first of all turn on notifications to create a new subscription on this device too, allow notifications
and we should see if we quickly switch to Firebase, that under subscriptions, we got a second subscription.
This actually targets a different endpoint, the same starting URL but a different ID here at
the end because it has its own endpoint,
it's a different subscription.
Now back on the debugging screen of that device, let's start pushing messages and you do see my device
screen here,
now let's keep it open.
On the left, you can now see my screen on my Mac Chrome application and on the right over the
console, you'll see what I'm forming on my device.
Now I'll quickly create a new notification,
actually the same text as before, just also with a two, on my Mac application
and we should see a message appearing on the mobile device, even though it's a completely different device
and keep in mind, it's a real device.
And indeed it vibrated
and if we open it, we see new posts added here too and there, you also see new post added as a text. So this appeared
on my mobile device even though I didn't create it there because we obviously had the subscription here
too
and of course we also got the notification here on the screen.
So with that, let me quickly clear all of that
and now you saw this in action,
let's now see how we can interact with this notification to maybe open a URL and how we can even send
the page we want to open from the server to the web app.